Merry Christmas
today yes no and I'm a plan I'm planning
to get a few snow skate clips in in this
video and if I'm lucky maybe a few
basement clips on my basement setup but
now this is what I got for Christmas
this year
candy that's some of the candy I got and
this camera it's from Jake I got it a
little while back you guys remember and
it's one of the best cameras I have I'm
actually it is the best camera I take I
back this is the best I've had and I've
had so far and it's gonna last me a
really long time and while I'm using my
phone for this video is because I want
to put this camera in the video that and
I'm also plan to be outside and it's
snowy and I do not want to risk it this
this one dry place is only do not want
anything to happen to it it's good
camera very good quality there are some
people that think it's bad may I tell
you what this is good this is a good
quality and yeah the phone isn't real
good quality but it's good enough and it
works it does the job no my shoes I'm
wearing right now
oh yeah you already know I don't even
have to say anything my aunt got these
for me and she knows why I like to
choose America it's all I ever wear it's
really awesome
if S comes back in the business I'll be
skating those a lot but these I'm not
gonna skate these these are these are
special occasion Christmas Day I were in
other stuff maybe ever no and then when
I hang out with James Matheny because
for Christmas he also got the same pair
except in his size the g-code shaked
unite co.labs he got those so that's
really cool
so now me and James we're gonna have the
same shoes on it's gonna be really sweet
oh man we're chilling anyhow I'm not
gonna skate these he might skate his
about really know if he will or not no
just tell about his videos and why he
says and stuff
now these pants are insulated it's got
these pants for Christmas oh yeah
insulated comfy Christmas this is I
cruised rona a little bit in the
basement just of one lap around the
basements and collectors it's a
collector's item
no touching new new touch anyways
anyhow I just like cruise like one lap
around a basement and it's it feels
amazing I love the shape of it but the
thing is it's a collector's edition I'm
not well-nigh edition but it's like
collector's item and I'm not gonna be
skating these so do not be expecting any
videos whatsoever with this this is this
is where my room gets redone this is
going up on the wall this is this is
going up on the wall look how nice this
is has a reverse camber yes it does when
I get my new Cruiser that I'm actually
gonna cruise on from day to day like on
daily basis
gonna try find a deck that's just like a
blank
cruiser that's the same size and shape
of it as this because it's in its I like
the way it feels it feels really nice
but you know this is this is it's gonna
be decorative
not going to don't want to damage it at
all so this is yeah it's really sweet I
really like it and now without further
ado I think a baker and expedition I
know some of you guys will may try Kayla
quarterdeck and I'll stand listen deck
and I'm like man I'm gonna like this
deck
my feet were telling me that this deck
is one of the ones I should pick so I
picked it same without Baker these two
decks have got the same shape and that's
typical you know if you guys watch my
videos know what shape I like those have
it and the thing has a little bit of a
different shape do it okay eight eight
eight point two five and rambling yeah
that's what I'm skating it's getting
kind of like like the decks getting
really flexi and soggy kind of like with
my habitat did I would skein that one
for a while now and I've glued down a
lot of chips on I actually D lambda on
me and I glued that over with shoe goo
and it worked out great
some dual I'm be skating this up to
reshape the tail because it's really
bulky I skated it for one or two days I
was waiting for the glue to dry on that
one and the tail is really bulky so I'm
gonna be sanding that and try to make
even with the nose
oh yeah which reminds me I really like
symmetrical decks that one is
symmetrical that was symmetrical and now
it's symmetrical so that's really all
there is so uh enjoyed the clips and I'm
really thankful for all the stuff I got
this these will last me well into the
spring I believe because I'm in the
winter I'm mostly skating indoors where
it's smooth and decks last really long
so these should be last me a while so
it's gonna be a while before I have a
think review a plan-b review an
expedition review and maybe another
Baker consistency review because that's
my fifth bigger